the tradition of criticism that the
enlightenment gifted us with
must work in concert with these jumps to
universality not only in the ways in
which a universal system of recording
numbers might be but universality across
all domains including most importantly
morality morality shouldn't be applied
differently to one person as compared to
another but rather everyone in the same
way that's the universality where
everyone is treated in the same way
universality is important as a
fundamental principle upon which so many
of our intellectual domains rest and
therefore the ways in which problems
will be solved a roadblock is having
rules that have arbitrary exceptions the
arbitrary exception to any of these
fundamental Universal principles are the
very thing that is going to stop
progress and so